Health then went on to emphasize to the senior leadership the need to address the issue of national unity, saying, "" When there is no constructive engagement in the political arena of the country, that is the source of discord.
I know her better than you do.
You gave it to me.
My daughter wants to tell you about it herself.
The child likes to eat its own food.
But if Abu Musab and Steel both lose, the oil industry has to win at least three games in order to stay in the league.
Father: Ahmed Jan, you are less guilty. Daddy, pray at breakfast to be good servants.
Here the program is having trouble communicating with its audience.
They say how the producer is cheating!
The commemoration of the 90th anniversary of Hakim Umar Tshyam's death at the International Congress of the People's Republic of Nepal opened yesterday at the Simmer Palace of the National Museum of the People of Nepal.
The teams that were eliminated after 52 weeks in one week's time definitely came to the end of the competition, and Mubarak and Eiroshim fell to second place in the league, and in the last game, as soon as the Steelers lost to the Iranians and Abu Musab won, the Steelers would be out of the ring and Abu Musab would be in the Abuja League.
The president himself is aware of these attainments and experiences of the costs of reform — and also of the hurdles, the disadvantages and the damage — and when he recalls that reform is based on the identity of the revolution and on the revolution and on religious thought, and when he recalls that unprecedented development undermines national security and that security is strengthened through the full deployment and rule of law, he considers the complexity and the complexity and the multidimensionality of reform, and he doesn't take it for granted that the crude thinking that reform is a project that has to be carried out in recklessness and that it has to be carried out in recklessness and that it has to be found in recklessness and that it has to be found in recklessness and that it has to be found in recklessness and that it has
The building that we hope to have on our feet, named Faisal, should be a graph of Iranian culture, with the same resilience and flexibility, Iranian architecture, from the throne of Faisal and the pilgrimage pavilion, all the way to the mausoleum of Ismail Hanani in Bucharest, then the buildings of Faisal, all moving forward with time, but always moving along a line.
And of course, this building and this garden are so intrinsically shaped that they have to be funded by the Iranian individual.
The four articles are: He was inside a garden gate, Queen Mary, buried in that garden.
I remember myself in a couple of places where we saw work, they would come by themselves and sit down and watch work.
There's a stereotype at all that I've been affected by for a while: All the languages are either Turkish or Persian or Persian.
I myself am from Xinjiang, and contrary to what everyone thinks, not all Xinjiang is fast, and a lot of them are slow.
I myself am in Tehran and I see...
But what I expected from the previous series was that, in fact, by looking at the social dilemmas, this monkey was able to come to a conclusion that he was less likely to go to the depths of isolation.
She said that she herself would like to fund the families of people who are facing problems with the breaks in the newspapers and broadcasts in Iran.
SL: You yourself, if your mouth is full of water, can you talk?
Can you talk to yourself if your mouth is full of water?
It's all the attention and attention of the great leader of the revolution.
Here the program is having trouble communicating with its audience.
I remember myself...
Islam itself is the freedom and liberation of man from internal and external bondage.
A believer has a few words and a lot of work to do.
Alcohol in itself is part of the wisdom of the world.
Of course, some people's positions are clear.
We as Muslims are obliged to honor that greatness.
You are nothing and everything, because you are part of a larger world.
The king himself knows that many kings pass and are forgotten...
The passengers all took their seats in a panic.
I want young people to pay more attention to these things.
We know ourselves better.
You've got to finish it yourself.
He's enriched himself.
He called himself a leader.
We saw him.
We know ourselves separate from them.
You've lost yourself.
You and I understand each other better.
They see for themselves.
Me and them understand ourselves.
I hate the heat.
He cooled the blankets in his room with it.
His book, his equipment, he sent it off.
He sent in his books.
My friend, did you send him money?
People's minds have changed.
I called a girl from my high school.
Give him the money.
I don't want to see you there.
You better give him the money, or I'll kill you.
I told them I wasn't wearing pants.
I'm going by bus.
